Project Objective: (what you expect the project to do) *

The goal of the BARBER-HUNTER Website project is to facilitate and streamline the process of scheduling clients' appointments with barbers, allowing clients to book appointments online quickly and easily. This project is expected to achieve the following objectives: Simplify the appointment 

booking process: Allowing clients to book appointments online, reduces the need to call or go to the physical establishment to schedule an appointment, which simplifies the booking process and saves time. Improve time management: Having an online appointment system, you can better manage time and avoid overlapping appointments, which allows barbers to offer a more efficient and higher quality service. Increase customer satisfaction: Allow customers to book appointments online quickly and easily, increasing their satisfaction with the service offered and improving the customer experience. Facilitate the management of the barbers' agenda: Having an online appointment system facilitates the management of the barbers' agenda and avoids confusion or cancellation of appointments. In short, the goal of the Barber Appointment Website Programming project is to improve the efficiency and quality of service offered by barbers, while simplifying and streamlining the appointment booking process for clients.


Statement of Work:  (what work needs to be done) *
The statement of work for the programming project for this website to make appointments for barbers would include the following elements: Website design and development: The first step of the project would be to design and develop the website that allows clients to book appointments online. This would include the creation of an intuitive and easy-to-use user interface, as well as the implementation of all the necessary functionalities for the appointment system. Database integration: To manage appointments, you will need to integrate a database that allows you to store customer information, appointments and barber hours. This database must be secure and protected against unauthorized access. Implementation of an appointment management system: An appointment management system should be implemented that allows clients to select the date and time of their appointment, as well as the option to choose the barber they want. This system should also include push notifications to remind clients of their appointment. Integration of an online payment system: To allow clients to pay for their appointments online, a secure and reliable online payment system will need to be integrated. Testing and debugging: Once the system has been developed, a series of tests will need to be performed to ensure that everything works correctly. Any problem that is detected during the tests must be solved before launching the system. Implementation of Security Measures: To protect client and barber information, appropriate security measures should be implemented, such as data encryption and user authentication. In short, the work to be done in the programming project for a web page to make appointments for barbers would include the design and development of the web page, the integration of a database and an appointment management system, the implementation of a online payment system, testing and debugging, and implementation of appropriate security measures.

Project Features

Feature 1: (one of the features you are integrating into your project) *
Online appointment management system for clients to book appointments with barbers. More technical description: HTML, CSS and JavaScript will be used to develop the user interface of the web page and a database will be integrated using MySQL or PostgreSQL. To implement the appointment management system, a web development framework, such as Django or Ruby on Rails, will be guaranteed, and it will be integrated with a notification API to send automatic reminders to clients.

Feature 2: (one of the features you are integrating into your project) *
Integration of a secure and reliable online payment system so that clients can pay for their appointments. More technical description: An online payment gateway, such as Stripe or PayPal, will be used to process payments and will be integrated with the system's database to record payments made by customers.

Feature 3: (one of the features you are integrating into your project) *
Barber search functionality and appointment availability by date and time. More technical description: Dropped a search filtering system to allow customers to search by barbers and available hours. The availability of appointments will be managed by integrating a calendar on the website, which will be updated in real time as appointments are booked.

Feature 4: *optional* (one of the features you are integrating into your project) 
Admin panel for barbers to manage their appointments and schedules. More technical description: An administration panel will be developed using modern web technologies, such as React or Angular, that allows barbers to manage their appointments and schedules. It will be integrated with the system database and user authentication will be used to guarantee the security and privacy of the barbers' information.
